Lilliana Robinson: So who digested and marinated on the subject yesterday, and had any sort of questions or comments they wanted to share
Lilliana Robinson: on everything that we learned yesterday was pretty dense, as we promised today will be less dense.
Lilliana Robinson: a lot more application.
Lilliana Robinson: Did anyone want to share anything? Anything they learned? I had a quick question.
Annie Brown: Jen when. So I was starting to put my list together for folks I want to reach out to. I was just thinking like, what's the best way to ask them. So
Annie Brown: is it good to make clear that this is not a
Annie Brown: you know me selling you call this is just to get customer research. Do you guys have
Annie Brown: templates that you've used for email, outreach or or best practices for reaching out.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we can get some some templates for you, like maybe a few examples from some previous companies. And what people say. Now, that's something. We can make a note, Liliana, to to pull together
Neal Sáles-Griffin: nothing in particular, because these are fairly smooth, and that all you need to do is, just be honest with them about what you're trying to do, and also be complimentary. You know. You're you're trying to get to know them because you want to find more people like them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So a lot of the times people really appreciate like just authentic
Neal Sáles-Griffin: expression in that regard. So as long as you keep it real, and you give it your own voice, it'll it'll be fine, but we'll give you a few examples, too.
Annie Brown: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: It's the least salesy. You can come off the as possible. I think I said this yesterday, but you might have been gone, Annie, but like coming as kind of like a student perspective, you're just eager to learn.
Lilliana Robinson: That'll make people more interested in talking to you, and there's always you can go down the incentives route, too, but you can try with that first.st
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. And I know it like, for for many of us, this, along with sales in general, might feel like a bit like a chore or slog to some. Not all. I'm sure some of you enjoy it, but to whatever extent you can find a way to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: gamify it, or just mentally convert your energy into enjoying it and approaching it with into enthusiasm. It just really really makes things smooth like you. You'll have a great time, because this is truly a fun thing, because if you do it right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're learning things that will help you shape your business in the best way possible.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's all just like upside. If you do it right
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: So remember, and I put it in the chat. But you guys are, gonna submit your screening criteria, and then Neil and I will go into base camp and asynchronously approve it, or tell you to rewrite it. So remember that you're not reaching out to people until we have that extremely narrow and approved because we wanna basically not have to do it multiple times.
Lilliana Robinson: So once you submit it in the thread below in your task, you can just tag us, and we'll take a look at it.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, we have a quick question like, might be a bit niche to our situation. But like, we don't know if we should develop our screening criteria for the students which are actually our end users. Or the parents who probably are the decision makers. Cause. It's it's probably pretty hard for us to get to the parents, since we have no communication with them, and we don't really know how to like which one to focus on more here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hmm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well, it depends on what your intent is, what your goal is right. Because my instinct is that it sounds like you want to speak to the decision maker.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, it's also
Nicholas Li: it just is an assumption here. But
Nicholas Li: like, given the background of like a typical Ib student, a lot of times like the student might just be able to convince their parents.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Promoting it to the parent to get conversion.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you know that, or is that a hunch.
Nicholas Li: It. It's a hunch based on my own experience. And like, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's find out. Let's talk to students first, st and then once we figure out the origin of their awareness of tutor me or or other things in the competitive set.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Maybe you'll realize we have to talk to parents because it's clearly coming from them to the students.
Nicholas Li: Okay. Cool. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But that's what we meant yesterday about like, when you do a few of these, you'll learn really quickly. Okay, maybe I need to adjust my criteria or adjust who I'm talking to, because it's already very clear that we, you know, we have a different group of people we need to engage with, to better understand what we need.
Lilliana Robinson: Also, Nick, remember that
Lilliana Robinson: everyone who has customers different than their users will have to do more than one set.
Lilliana Robinson: just like everyone who's part of a two-sided marketplace will also have to do more than one, and everyone who has different verticals they're considering will also have to do more than one.
Lilliana Robinson: So you pick one, and then you'll have to go back and do the other as a separate jobs to be done. Set.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess we're good.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. So the agenda here is I. I want to give you a few examples
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of you know what this looks like and how it manifests. Tell you a couple of stories.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then I'm gonna bring it home just some some closing thoughts, and maybe we'll do a quick. We'll have a quick conversation about some of your respective goals with how you want to approach this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we'll wrap up this time. We'll probably end early, but we'll wrap up this time by doing a live demonstration of an interview
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with one of you as a subject. So I'm looking forward to that. What my ask, there is, keep in the back of your head
Neal Sáles-Griffin: any recent purchases you may have made
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that you struggle to make.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not a potential purchase an actual one. So something you spent money on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that you've done in the past. Let's just say 3 ish months.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it was a struggle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I want to hear from those examples, so I'll be asking you all for those in a bit
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I am going to screen share unless there's any other questions about the process so far, what we've asked or shared
Neal Sáles-Griffin: anything else. You all ready for me to start?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Part 3.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's my whole screen, isn't it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's do that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Boom. That's good, very good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I wanted to start because we were talking about interviews yesterday. And now I'm talking about the end product. But I did want to share this list of questions to ask during the interview. So even though I said, we don't have a a script.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here are some example questions that are going to be a helpful kind of springboard, as you have your conversations with your interviewees, and you might be able to pick up on a pattern here, and they'll also sound very similar to what you heard from Bob
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the mattress interview, and maybe some other examples or references. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the notion here is that you're trying to do that detective work where you're coloring the situation. You're asking for specifics. Who was with you? What were you up to? You know. Where were you sitting like? There's so many interesting things to place someone in that moment and what they're they're they're looking at what they're doing and what contrast to provide. So just take a skim of this. I'll pull it up again at the end right when we, before we go into the live demonstration, and then we'll make sure you all have access to these slides. And you know this list and everything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But this is usually like the most that I'll do to prepare when I think about what I want to ask, or what I want to have handy next to me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone have any questions about these questions.
Dave Scott: And and this will be available to us as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Dave Scott: File or whatever. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Absolutely. Yeah. So the other thing that I like to say is like nothing's proprietary with me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know. I don't have any secrets, you know there's nothing I need you to lock away. I want the whole world to have access to this if they're going to use it properly. So I got you, Dave
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great. So there are a number of methodologies to bring things home and articulate what we call the job.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I mentioned this thing yesterday called the Job Story, and I also said that it encourages context, causality, and motivations as opposed to the subjectivity, the assumptions, and the personas. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't think this actually specifically came from Bob. I think there was someone else online back when you know, jobs originally emerged who invented like this formula or structure for a job story. But I really appreciated it, because at the time I was still like a budding software developer and the format of user stories used to make sense to me a lot. So I really, this, this approach resonated with me, and it gave me more structure. To help other people and and teach other people how to do this. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: situation, motivation, and expected or desired outcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is the format
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that someone cleverly constructed for a job story that I find to be helpful as a baseline for coming up with job statements. It's not the only way to do it, but for me. I think this is going to be helpful to you all. What is there a situation?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? What's what's the circumstance that they're struggling through?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What kind of progress do they want to make?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then what are they ultimately seeking as a better version of themselves, as an outcome, that light bulb across the chasm with the bridge that I I visualize on day. One
Neal Sáles-Griffin: one mistake that always happens
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is with this middle block, and Liliana is so good at calling this out whenever she sees it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: People tend to just jam into the I want to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: their product features.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's your opportunity to go. This is what our company does, and that's what the the customer wants. Therefore their motivation is to have access to our functionality.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm going to caution you right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that usually what you think you're so I can is your expected outcome is usually the motivation for the customer, and there's a deeper
Neal Sáles-Griffin: expected outcome that they want that you haven't probably thought through or conceptualized yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'll show you a few examples of what this means. But I wanted to call it out going into this because you'll be going back to this statement a lot and this framework a lot as you start to analyze your patterns and try to articulate the jobs. And you can even use this format
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for each individual interview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you can have a more verbose version of this statement for every single person that you you talk to in your debrief.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then you'll have a series of 12 to 15 of these that you can then consolidate and combine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: couple examples. This is Jason freed. So Jason's a good friend of mine. He is the founder of Basecamp
Neal Sáles-Griffin: CEO, of 37 signals
Neal Sáles-Griffin: been in the software industry for over 25 years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think his product base camp has been around for 20 years. So it's it has a lot of longevity, and they have a pretty substantial reputation in the tech world. Given that they not only have built a lot of successful software and have been thought leaders, and, you know, been selling, you know, all these best selling, you know, books and whatever. But they also invented the ruby on rails framework.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that was a big deal for me, since that was the programming language and framework that ultimately resonated. I started with Javascript, graduated to Python, and then found my home with Ruby. And so with all that being said, when I got to know these guys and they they were, they're based out of Chicago. They became my one and only investor
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in in my company. So it was the 1st time they ever invested in a company, and the 1st time I ever. Really. No, it's not the 1st time I had an investor, but it was like my 1st strategic investor. I should say
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. We didn't need the cash, but we wanted their their expertise. So all that being said, I I'll out myself for a hot second. Some of you might know this. Maybe many of you don't. But I actually ran for Mayor in Chicago years ago, and when I did that I used base camp. So this is a fun little
Neal Sáles-Griffin: screenshot from back then, and how I ran the campaign through it. But basecamp as a product and tool, we went through a jobs to be done project. So I actually work with Jason and Bob, and another person at the company named Ryan Singer, who, you'll learn a bit more about later in the program, when we talk about product development.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And we did a round of jobs to be done, interviews for base camp. He does them once a quarter, so every 3 months he'll do a round of jobs to be done. Interviews
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we came up with 4. This was, I don't know. Probably
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 6, 7 years ago. I think we did this. But here are the 4 job statements that he came up with. And, by the way, we didn't refer to them as job statements.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: These are just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what I think Jason calls it the why before the why. So I'll show you these 4 as a means to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as a north star for you all to aspire for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for each of your businesses, and for what you want to present potentially to us and to others.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is number one. This is what we learned. As you can imagine, like the the visual itself is kind of speaking to this, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what we heard was, we can't keep working like this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's what came out of that, was the number one
Neal Sáles-Griffin: screaming cluster like, how did you find yourself at Base Camp? We we spoke to people who had recently signed up, and are paying for the tool now for at least a few months.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and what we heard was they were being overwhelmed with notifications and email threads and conference calls and keeping track of information here, there, and everywhere else, and something was broken, and they had to find a way to fix it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So people found themselves in a position where it was like a hair on fire. I can't take it anymore.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And they found their home in base camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that was the 1st cluster of people that we identified.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The next one
Neal Sáles-Griffin: was, we can't mess up like that again.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: These were people who
Neal Sáles-Griffin: had some sort of bad event that happened with a client or with an interaction with one of their users or customers, and in screwing up they said, You know what we need to not only tell them that we'll do better next time, but that we've already taken a proactive step to be better. And here's how we're going to more properly structure our work and communicate our progress and demonstrate that we have our act together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This was another group of emotional energy for folks, and why they found themselves signing up for base camp and base camp at the time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: had different pricing structures, and I'll explain more about that in a minute. But there were significant changes that we considered making to base camp, the product in light of these. these examples, 2 more left.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Another one was, this project isn't getting off the ground. So people were toiling around either in Google docs or in email threads. And they're trying to get started. They're getting excited about either starting a company or working on a new project or getting, you know, some sort of new initiative started either at their business or with the new business, and they needed a way to formalize things and say, All right. Now, it's serious.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, now it's time to actually get started. We're going to put everything in a place we're going to sign up for this tool, and we're going to make things real.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And last, but not least.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how am I going to pull this off?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this one is anticipating a major challenge coming
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? So maybe your company announces a new set of goals or kpis. Maybe there's a you know, a deadline on the horizon. And now you're it's it's crunch time, and you need.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, your iron bands to to pull through, or something special that's going to help, you know, juice you through the next phase of progress. People with that kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: motivation and even fear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: would hire a tool like basecamp to overcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So with these 4 insights.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's 2 buckets that most of the jobs insights lead you to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, I said. One is with marketing and sales, and the other one is with product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: bringing all that together. There's a north star. So the way this originally manifested, and this is years ago. So obviously the the company's gone through lots of other changes since
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is this is the homepage
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that ended up getting implemented after those interviews that we conducted, and having these conversations. So it was the notion of addressing this pain that we identified from the more recent customers who have been signing up for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is a helpful way for you all, as you have your conversations to think about like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go to your homepage now, and compare to after you have these conversations? And are you reflecting the concerns and energies of your potential customers right front and center? Right? So they use all the language and all the kind of marketing techniques. And they they weren't advertising much back then. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even in wherever they were communicating about their business, they would leverage these different jobs and buckets to reiterate that they understood who they were talking to and who they were appealing to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's 1 bucket right marketing and sales the other one. And this was actually even more fun to me
Neal Sáles-Griffin: product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the tool that we've been using this was years ago. So it's funny how it's like largely unchanged, even though there's been many different improvements to the product over the years. This was what it was like 7 years ago, and here we are with the similar structure, just like like a very different ui, I guess slightly different.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if you look at the identification of each of these cards.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: these were all words that came out of those 14 jobs to be done, interviews that we did
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so when we spoke to people they were talking about slack and hipchat and status meetings, and like having their personal calendar get overwhelmed, they're stacked over and being micromanaged and having messy email threads or having lots of different file management, tools and systems that they have to hop around and and over to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So by calling by like not having to conjure your own terms, to resonate with customers, but instead using their what they say to you in these interviews and conversations, all of a sudden, it becomes easy
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to to effectively communicate and decide on product changes that you want to make. Liliana.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'm gonna put George, our team member, George High call on the spot because he asked me a really good question this morning.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, and, George, I think it would be good to share with the class. Do you want to kind of like quickly reword or summarize what you were asking.
George: Sure, I, basically thought about yesterday and asked Liliana, you know, how
George: does what we're learning here apply on the outbound sales
George: side of this. So email campaigns.
George: cold calling sales cycle. How does it affect?
George: You know that process? And if anything materially materially changed because of
George: understanding your customer better, Peter, and she had to get the answer for me.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And I answered it in like multiple parts. So one, you know who to reach out to so like your actual segment is like targeted, and you and you get more hits on the bullseye to. When you're talking to them you can ask them a couple of questions, and as long as they were already in the customer segment you have decided
Lilliana Robinson: is your one to go after your good Icp. You can quickly realize which of your 3 or 2 job statements they fall into, and then you immediately know their situation without having to go into it. So it it will feel to them like you really understand their problem. 3, rd you will also be able to send out ads.
Lilliana Robinson: You'll know exactly who to pay to target, and the ads themselves will have language that your customers use, so it will resonate with people, and people will start coming to you. So a good hack for the marketing ramifications here are to take direct quotes from your interviews, and use them in your advertising and your marketing and your outbound. And then the last thing I told George, is the product. Changes and implications that come out of the insights that you make directly
Lilliana Robinson: help make your marketing more successful. So when you're doing all this outbound. Not only are you having better hit rates to get on the call with them, but your product directly addresses the needs that they have. So you can be more confident selling it. And the product kind of speaks for itself because it feels like you know them in like a
Lilliana Robinson: a very fitted glove way.
Lilliana Robinson: So I really liked that conversation we had this morning. I'm sure other people were wondering that, too. Did you want to add anything now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: one other example I have to share now and then we have more. So. We have founders that are going to come back and share some. Liliana has a few loaded up as well. So I'm excited for you all to see what it's like today as we work with founders through techsars, and what those references are. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as old school as I am. I like to kind of use my own data 1st and another piece of my lore is that I did this coding school thing. So one of the frustrations I had when I was running my school was
Neal Sáles-Griffin: learning management systems.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I tried to use base camp for it. I tried to use apps like blackboard, and then another app called canvas came out not long after. But these were all like really beefy tools. And then there was even this software called Google classroom. I don't know if anybody remembers Google classroom. I think they ended it, or it's no longer in the what it was. But I tried all these different learning management tools, and and none of them did the job for me. So I ended up like rolling my own product, and I built an app called Lantern. This was a long time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: ago, but I built my own Lms for my school, and then I realized that I could actually start selling it to universities. So I started getting university professors onto the platform, and I ended up having a little bit of traction and made a little bit of money. Not a lot, but it was a fun little like tool. I called it base camp for classrooms. That was my high value concept for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I wanted to share the more traditional formula
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of when I I want to. So I can. And what that job story manifests as just to give you all another reference for it. So as I did jobs to be done. Interviews for lantern.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here are the 3 that kind of came out of it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One was, I've got a week before class starts. Let's update the curriculum and syllabus. So this is from the perspective of the professor.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And this is exactly what I was going through as a teacher. So when I'm preparing for my class for next quarter during the break, I want to make changes based on what I learned the last time, so I can have a plan and stick to it going into each class. So this directly led to a feature that we were building out, which was essentially a syllabus builder.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So you take a syllabus for a class and you want to refine it and update it based on what you're going to do next.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that was leading up to the class. There's 2 more. One was. This part of class isn't going as planned. I need to adjust what we're doing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this happens in real time, as you're having a session even like this one right here, or when you're teaching something you need to call an audible every now and then, when you know things either go in a different direction, or someone asked an interesting question, and it opens up a cascade of conversation that you hadn't anticipated.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when I'm teaching and something doesn't go according to plan, I want to make an adjustment to class in real time, so I can keep my students engaged and not feel disorganized.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's another version of something I can both advertise and market around.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: connect with certain professors, but then also build features around as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And last, but not least, did I teach a successful class today. This is that long drive I have coming from Evanston, Illinois, driving back down to the south side of city of Chicago. And I'm thinking, for those 45 min.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did I say the right thing? Did I ask the right question. Were the students engaged? What do I need to do next week? How do I remember teaching this class better for the next quarter? I need to teach. So when I'm done with class, I want to know what went well, what could be better? So I can make adjustments. So these were those big big buckets.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And the way to kind of like bring this all home from a product standpoint is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're understanding the job right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then there's patterns in the world of who does what? So any
Neal Sáles-Griffin: given feature or functionality or button press or ui element, you see, is borrowed from someone else in large part.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So even the elements in base camp. I remember I was talking to Jason about implementing his jobs insights when he was building the next version of it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I asked him like, Okay, well, where did you come up with this layout for your messages in his inbox? He says he pulled up Gmail.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he goes. You see, these like lines here like that's where I got the inspiration from. So I think it's really cool that it's not a big deal to draw inspiration from what you know and what resonates with you. And so long as you're being respectful and not explicitly, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: copying and pasting. You know. Just look at the world and understand the patterns and implement them yourselves in your own way for your customers, and that leads to your product concepts. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: final. Quote from Bob. The struggling moment is the seat for all innovation. Find where people struggle, and if they're not struggling. They're not buying
Neal Sáles-Griffin: bob and I have had a lot of time together over the years, and I I gotta say I'm looking forward to you all meeting him. He's gonna be, I think, I think, joining us in a month or 2. So that'll be a little bit of a master class to hear from him, and he's gonna interact and work with all your businesses. But just to like kind of conclude here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: your business decisions can be informed by this, you can change the way you market your company. The language you're going to use to, you know, describe your products
Neal Sáles-Griffin: where you're choosing to advertise what channels you're leveraging for it. And who you're even selling to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's not about a particular industry. It's not about demographics like we talked about, and it's not even about your competitors before. It's about the job that the people you want to help are hiring you to do so think about their situation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: think about the reality they're trying to wrangle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the progress that they're trying to make.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we should pause here for questions because we're going to go into a
Lilliana Robinson: a separate thing. Does anyone want to ask anything about these base camp or lantern examples.
Lilliana Robinson: This is a good preview of what you guys are going to be doing in week 6. You're gonna present this. It'll kind of be the capstone of your whole jobs to be done.
Lilliana Robinson: Learning here.
Morgan Stanton: I know we've we've kind of hinted a little bit at the changes between B to C and B to BI.
Morgan Stanton: I I'm curious how, if, like any of the questions you mentioned change for like larger purchases, right? It's like if you're not buying like a small like $8 thing versus like a $50,000 thing like in my end. Kind of do these like bigger costs? It's like you would kind of phrase it differently, or change them with the way you're asking questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For sure. Yeah, so yeah, it's definitely going to be. You will have fewer inputs regarding some of the more personal narratives that we get into right like we're not asking. You know who you were at home with on your kitchen counter, having a argument with about making a purchase on an Amazon. You know shopping list website.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there are some subtle differences there, because the work context is going to be where more of the conversation centers? But even then
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there is a lot of consistency, though, with the the the notion of needing to color the environment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what you'll have to do on the b 2 b front, which can be frustrating is you're gonna have to have multiple conversations with different people at different levels, who are all influencing, influencing the decision rather than the individual purchaser.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, Morgan, as you as you go, and as you formulate your screening criteria, you'll have to be a little bit more robust, and maybe the different subgroups that you break down. But then we can help prepare you a little bit and coach you directly on, you know ways to approach those conversations where you get the most value from it.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Florence Ettlin: I have a follow up question on that. So would those be considered different jobs to be done sets because you're speaking to different decision makers? Or can they be part of the same
Florence Ettlin: set.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think you can start with it as part of the same set.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but if it's very clear that there are
Neal Sáles-Griffin: extremely different needs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you will intuitively split them up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right? So different stakeholders are going to have different criteria. But I've also learned at the b 2 b side that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: different companies may have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: different levels of influence between the champion and the person who's signing off, so they may have alignment versus some others who have may have very different motivations, and it'll take more time to identify the pattern.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I would start with it as as one group
Neal Sáles-Griffin: got it. Thanks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Annie.
Annie Brown: How do you? How do you
Annie Brown: determine? Because I know with when I do? Customer feedback?
Annie Brown: you know sometimes it can be all over the place, and you have to kind of decide what customer feedback to really absorb, and what customer feedback
Annie Brown: to kind of toss out as a 1 off is that with
Annie Brown: is that where the patterns comes in. So if, like a if, like, a feedback comes up over and over again, you take it if it only comes up once, you kind of ignore it. How how do you weigh between feedbacks?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Excellent question. So you treat it kind of like a heat map.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what you'll see is there? There will be certain things that come up over and over again, and there's a few outliers that we like to call out as well, and every now and then an outlier might be worth digging into meaning like you only heard one person say it, but it resonates with you, and you want to dig in more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you may do another round of interviews centered around that outlier example, just to validate whether there's something there or not. So you might get a hint with an anecdote like that. But yes, you are looking for the heat map and the patterns, and it's kind of hard to just for you to take my word for it. But I promise you that with the right screening criteria, you, it's it's almost gonna you're you're gonna feel like you're wasting your time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: By the time you're you're doing it right? So you're on interview Number 10, and you're like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know I already know where this is going, and then you end up ending the call early. So it's a 15 min interview instead of a 30 min interview, because you kind of you were able to guess at every step what they were. Gonna say, so that's when the patterns emerge. Annie.
Annie Brown: Okay. Great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I have another example of screening criteria this time. It's from Cicada.
Lilliana Robinson: I'd love to pull it up. And then you can like talk through what you think they are. B to like B to B, but the
Lilliana Robinson: the businesses they're selling to are independent artists.
Lilliana Robinson: Let me share really quick.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, and Mercer was a standout from the last program, with jobs to be done as well. He had some significant breakthroughs that changed the direction of his business. It's a good example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Professional musicians. This was a scary business. Y'all, just so. You know I I live music. It's it's there's a lot of money, but it's it's a very hard business to make work, especially with tech
Neal Sáles-Griffin: change their talent manager, booking agent recording label or merchandise provider again boiling the ocean
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right all like 4. So the only thing I would critique here is that he's trying to get
Neal Sáles-Griffin: more stuff in with his criteria than he probably should with starting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because, I believe, where we landed with Cicada. Liliana, if I recall correctly, was the talent manager.
Lilliana Robinson: It was telemanager and merch, provider.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. So he.
Lilliana Robinson: They went down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Needing the booking agent or recording label, but because he casted a wide net. In the beginning he found out that the booking agent and recording label weren't relevant.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and that the talent managers and merchandise providers were the ones that he wanted to ultimately serve, and he ended up having to split up talent, management, and merchandise providers as different sets of interviews
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that he conducted, and we helped him through that.
Lilliana Robinson: And then he had different product ramifications from both sets that kind of changed and led to what? Where he was at at Demo Day.
Lilliana Robinson: But do you guys see how specific this is? So he went out, and it was. It was probably difficult for him to find 15 people who specifically fit this exact set.
Dave Scott: Well, what I'm struggling with, though, is the or it feels like the ore just opens it up considerably. So shouldn't that be an and or why did he go with the or customers who have recently signed up for one of the saved cicadas plants? It's like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He? He's including his customers along with other competitor, like potential competitor
Neal Sáles-Griffin: along with it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So he he conflated the 2, probably because he didn't have enough customers for to do his own research on his own.
Lilliana Robinson: He had only 3 or 3 to 5, I remember, and so he couldn't do a full set with that. And so he did. People who hired a competitor or who hired his, and it ended up being the same struggling moment for both.
Dave Scott: I see.
Lilliana Robinson: What he was currently offering.
Annie Brown: And I'm
Annie Brown: ask you a lot of questions, so I'll make sure I do this right? So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Annie Brown: If if
Annie Brown: cause for ours. There's new regulations coming out right? So they might have not been using something before, so it might not necessarily have been a switch. But they've started doing something. It does that go into the same category as a switch. So specifically like
Annie Brown: they've never collected Dei data. And now they're collecting Dei data.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah switch from non consumption counts. We just call that a hiring moment. So hiring, firing or switch, which is
Lilliana Robinson: just another higher.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll I'll count.
Annie Brown: Great.
Lilliana Robinson: And I like your questions, Annie. They're very helpful to the group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Agreed.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything else to note here.
Lilliana Robinson: I like this part
Lilliana Robinson: like qualifying it to make sure that not only have they done this like one of these things, but they're of quality for me to talk to.
Lilliana Robinson: because it would be a waste of his time. If they don't do at least 15 performances. They're not going to make any money
Lilliana Robinson: from Miracha's platform, Cicada, if they don't make or do that, many performances. So it just wouldn't be mutually beneficial. So don't even talk to the people who aren't
Lilliana Robinson: going to benefit from your product.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool any other questions here before we move on.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I just want the like learn about how did he exactly found? Find these people
Çoruh | CogniScope: like? how did he search for these people, because.
Çoruh | CogniScope: like setting an uncomfortably narrowed list like narrows
Çoruh | CogniScope: aspects, are a thing but to find and reaching these people as a whole, another story
Çoruh | CogniScope: because you cannot get enough data to make sure of those people. Did he just like
Çoruh | CogniScope: try to reach out on a massive group and like collect when he gets the proper responses, or.
Lilliana Robinson: So there were a couple I know he did go on some like Facebook pages and things like that of musicians, but he also mainly got them from the network of his network. So he asked his current customers for referrals to other musicians cause they all know people. He also asked musicians that he knows that maybe aren't customers about referrals to other people.
Lilliana Robinson: Those were the main ways that he found other businesses to talk to, I would say for you. It's like, you guys are all gamers. You can talk to people like Dave, get Dave to give you referrals. You like current customers can give you referrals to other customers like people know people who are like them. So that's like the best way to start.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have any more advice about the hunt now.
Lilliana Robinson: because I know it's kind of tricky.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It is. But you have to get. You have to be those weird founders that just get really creative and crafty, and how to get in front of people. You know what I mean like this is, this is the game.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I think I said this to some folks who hung out for overtime yesterday, but, like the whole idea here is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's hard to find them, you should be excited.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because that means that other. Your competitors are also having a hard time getting a hold of these people to get these insights. So if you do the work and you get, you know you, you get in front of these folks, you're you're getting access to information that sets you at an advantage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when you like, I I also love from a fundraising standpoint. Because then when you end up talking to investors, it's almost like you're sharing like a secret
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're like we're on to something like we have something really, really interesting that we figured out about what's going on here, and why we build our product in a certain way, and it's not like by saying it out loud. Someone can steal it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because the level of depth that you have with understanding and unpacking these people's journeys and their stories cannot just be easily written down and shared and understood.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I I again, I think it's a secret weapon for you to figure that out, and as you struggle which you will, I will get creative in helping you think about ways to identify the right people within your particular industry or segment.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I was telling the team at our offset. This is one of the easiest ways to make a moat for your business.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, Neil was saying. You don't have to worry about any sort of product info being stolen, or anything like that. This is a true, unfair advantage that you can show to investors and also win with.
Dave Scott: So. So. One question I have like for my particular characters, is it not? Am I looking for people who are currently bought playing my game, or who have currently purchased my game. Is it? Am I? Am I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Focus on.
Dave Scott: Who are playing or purchasing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's interesting. So I I would be interested in both groups, Dave, eventually. I don't know which group we should prioritize right now. But one group is you? You purchased my game, but you're not playing it anymore.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's going on right. The other group is, you're an active player of my game, and you've purchased it. I want more of you, and I want more people to be like you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that ladder.
Dave Scott: The question is is, do I? Do I recruit based on play, or do I recruit 1st based on purchase because there could be people out there that are playing it, but have never purchased it.
Dave Scott: Or and so am I focused on the playability. Am I focused on the purchase ability.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, it depends on your learning objective. So I can. I can derive 2 learning objectives from those 2 different things, a lot of people that go through people who have purchased, but they're not using it. That's like, I want to make my product better. Why aren't people using it? If you want to talk and get more customers, and you're just worried about them paying and getting in the door. You probably want to talk to the people who have purchased it like period end statement, just purchased.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's what what you're learning, right? So like.
Lilliana Robinson: some of our companies have already gotten a lot of customers. And they're just having like conversion problems like maybe they purchase it. They get a lot of people through the door, and they realize their product isn't good because they're losing people. After the 3rd month.
Lilliana Robinson: That would be like, why, you would do the users
Lilliana Robinson: jobs to be done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I mean, before the live demo. This is what I had ready to pull up to talk about briefly as a group
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for anyone who's thought about it? Or was it willing to share right? What? What would make this a success for you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to take this seriously? Because one thing I really don't want is for this to be a waste of your time. So if you feel like you've got it dialed in, and you know the jobs, and you're ready to, just, you know. Hit, go and take all our money and drop it into your sales strategy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a case for that. It's probably rare. But if somebody wants to make that argument with me, I've I've I've fielded it before.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but otherwise I'd be curious to know other people's learning objectives.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go ahead, George.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, cool. Thanks. I'm happy to go. Yeah, so you've probably noticed through the interview process that
George Reed - Noetic: I have one kind of vertical
George Reed - Noetic: kind of well defined, but that one's super vague where I'm sort of talking about the buyers of market research that I want to target.
George Reed - Noetic: And so that's something that's been causing a fair bit of anxiety about. How do I approach this massive sort of bias, segment and sort of divide those up and prioritize those so definitely my objective. There is to
George Reed - Noetic: understand that sort of
George Reed - Noetic: number of verticals.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great.
George Reed - Noetic: I'm so I'm paying hugely, like, I'm really hugely focused right now on this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's an awesome job.
George Reed - Noetic: Hold, the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I wanted to. I wanted to get your comments on this, actually, because, given what you do with your business, this is like the almost like I felt like a precursor to hopefully what Noetic becomes.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, it's so interesting. Like.
George Reed - Noetic: you know, I've spoken with so many market research companies. And what you guys are doing is like.
George Reed - Noetic: I would say, of a higher quality than
George Reed - Noetic: any of them, do you know what I mean? Like, this is the foundational stuff that none of them get right? Basically
George Reed - Noetic: I think the only company I've ever spoken to that does something of this size, you know, Gartner, they do the hype cycle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, Gartner, yeah. So I would say, they're the only research company I've spoken with who are on this level of quality.
George Reed - Noetic: To be honest in this foundational approach.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It means a lot coming from you, sir.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is your world of expertise, and I'm just moonlighting here for the past decade for startups. But thank you for saying that.
George Reed - Noetic: No, it's super impressive. So like, yeah, for everyone who's here as well like this is setting up all of the sort of buying all the neurons at the moment for me, where I'm like, okay, these guys know what they're talking about. I've got to seriously focus on this and take it seriously. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's go. Yeah, it helps. It helps when you're with, like the the people who do it for real, you know, like the professors and the universities and stuff. And then you then you see that they're behind like a lot of interesting products like I can't say who and on what. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've said, Apple, I've said, you know, there's intercom. There's sonos. There's a lot of products, Instagram, Facebook. So this is the stuff that they're doing behind the scenes at these companies that they're not promoting or talking about. But these are the ideas that they're leveraging. So our mission has been to bring it to the early stage Startup Land as we are right now, so I'm glad it's it's connecting.
George Reed - Noetic: It's amazing. Thanks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: William.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, look, I am echoing all those words. It's it's a much, much deeper dive than we've ever thought about tackling this, and I think, as you guys know, the textiles team, we're
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: we've been exploring a few different verticals, a few different industries. But the big kind of reflection and take away from this for us is messaging and language that we're using when we're going to be reaching out to them. And even our hidden landing pages, actually going back to the drawing board and really tightening up the language to make it really resonate with what we
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: believe is the the problem that they're that we're trying to solve
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: at the moment. It's far too generic. With a few little sprinkles. But it needs to be yeah, completely ripped up. So it's yeah, something that I like the base camp example with that that landing page with the hair on fire.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Well, you know, this is, it might surprise you all. But when I started at this job 5 years ago
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I had no jobs, and I was teaching it and stuff. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: coming in as a managing director for techsars for the 1st time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a lot of imposter syndrome cause I was fairly young. I think I was the youngest to have been ever been hired to do the job. And I was like, Okay, I'm not gonna tell anyone what to do. I'm just gonna offer up things, I think are helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just like floated these ideas to that 1st class of founders. I didn't prescribe it. I didn't have exercises or activities. I just said, Hey, here's the thing I know, and if anyone's interested I can help.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And as every program went on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Liliana and I got more and more confident about how important this was because we saw the difference between the companies that took it seriously, and their performance, either from fundraising from profitability, revenue, traction
Neal Sáles-Griffin: being alive as a business. Still, the ones who took jobs seriously during the program of their own volition were, there was like a there was a correlation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in in their in their trajectory. So that's why it's like so heavy handed in this current like form
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for you all. So just understand? Like it came from a lot of iterations and feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil, can you go back to the job statement slide? I wanna run through. Okay, perfect.
Lilliana Robinson: What Neil was saying here earlier, I'm sure a lot of you are still going to do it like the little pitfall that happens here. So I thought it would be helpful to visualize or to demonstrate with an example. Think about the Mcdonald's milkshake example that we went through on Wednesday.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone want to take a stab at trying to write a job statement for what I would have used. After all of the interviews he did, talking to all the people who were drinking the milkshakes before 8 in the morning. I will give you a hint. The I want to is not. I want to drink a milkshake. That is what we mean by like inserting your your product in there. I promise you. The 1st thing that a lot of people will think is like when I'm driving to work. I want a milkshake that
Lilliana Robinson: filled me up so I can be full for work and be occupied on the drive.
Lilliana Robinson: That's exactly what kind of like a 1st time
Lilliana Robinson: attempt at making a job statement looks like, and that's fine, and a lot of you will do that, and you'll do it without noticing, and we'll critique it because the job statement is supposed to be separate from your product, the product you have right now may or may not
Lilliana Robinson: be the answer to what this job statement is. The whole point is that we want the truth. We're not tailoring it so that the product you have right now fits this. We want the truth of the customers so that you can change your product to exactly fit it. It's kind of like useless if we're just gonna
Lilliana Robinson: meld it to fit whatever we have already.
Lilliana Robinson: Same with, like the snickers when I'm in a rush. Neil gave us the when part when I'm in the rush in a rush. I'm starving, and I don't know when. The next time I'm going to eat is I want to buy a snickers on the way to my gate, so I can be satiated during my flight. That doesn't work as well. They don't want to buy a snickers they want. I want a quick snack that I can buy on the way to my gate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They want to stave off hunger.
Lilliana Robinson: On hand.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So they can sleep on the plane after they get their emails done before they get on the plane.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. So you don't want to insert your product? Does anyone want to try with the milkshake example? What those people want? What those commuters. Job statement would be.
Dave Scott: When I'm on a long commute I want to do something with my hands.
Lilliana Robinson: So so you can. What's the rest, Dave?
Lilliana Robinson: So I can. What.
Dave Scott: So I could not be bored on my way to my job.
Lilliana Robinson: And I think I think that's totally valid. I think there are probably like 2 or 3 that come out of this video from clay, and that was definitely one of them.
Lilliana Robinson: a Caesar.
Sezer: Yeah, it's pretty similar, like, when I'm driving, I want to have a distraction, so I can enjoy the road a bit.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly can anyone think of? I can think of like one more? That also came out of the video. So we have the people who want something in their hand. But there's also a more general one.
Lilliana Robinson: Think of the competitors they were buying. The job statement should fit across all the things they were hiring. So they were hiring bagels.
Lilliana Robinson: bananas, doughnuts.
Lilliana Robinson: were those all just to have something in their hand? Or was there a group that also wanted something else?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I guess, to be satisfied. They've they've got some form of hunger, but not
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: yeah, they've got a few different options to choose from.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So do you want to try? A job statement? William.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So when I'm driving to work I want to in the morning I want to relieve my hunger.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Is that? Hang on. I've totally messed this up.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's perfect.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So that I so yeah, so that I can feel energized for work.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, for when I get to my job exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: I and I can imagine that if we ask them about what happened before they started doing that they might arrive like a zombie, or like in a slog, where they arrive in their
Lilliana Robinson: starving, and then they just eat the 1st thing from the vending machine. I mean, that's those are just speculation. You would have to ask the customers, but that's exactly right. So those would be the 2. I would say I got from the milkshake interview. That is exactly right. And you guys did it perfectly. So does everyone see how the motivation is not. You're not saying
Lilliana Robinson: the product that you want. It's what you want to accomplish, so that you can get your expected outcome.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's all I wanted to say. Here, now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, that's a great point. And it reminded me to mention one other thing, which is the other reason why we've incorporated so much of this jobs training before the program even officially starts is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we find that you all go into mentor madness in particular.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and when you end up meeting with the mentors.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They start to grill you and ask really tough questions, because they're very smart people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they
Neal Sáles-Griffin: will kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: run you in circles a little bit. And then people come out of inter madness, kind of overwhelmed and exhausted because you've been answering tough questions for 2 weeks straight, and it feels like you weren't even able to effectively.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know. Defend yourself and your business in some respects, because their job is to poke holes in it the whole time, so it can be very draining. It's kind of like raising. It's it's almost like run it raising capital. That's how much strain can can be put on founders when they go through it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what gives you like true, like armor going into that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that journey
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is not just your own opinions about the viability of your business. But no, no, I've spoken to customers
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of these products which are in my competitive set and my own if I have them. And here's what they say. So it's less about you having a disagreement with an investor or a mentor, about what you both think is right or wrong about what the need is. And instead, it's literally using the demand side validation that you have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to like. Say, here's what I'm hearing. Here's what I'm learning. And here's what they're saying.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because it's a huge, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: unfortunate pattern within venture
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for us investors
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to think we know more than we do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I can't tell you how many times I've heard investors try to like personally, connect or relate to the problem that you're solving with your business and make claims about their understanding of it, based on their own anecdotal instincts
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and experiences.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's not a particularly sophisticated or impressive thing, but that is unfortunately how the game goes, and people will make decisions based off of those personal anecdotes, especially if you, the founder, don't come back with your own set of of insights and data that you can point to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the other thing we're designing against by having you all get ahead with this information.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, I promise to do it live? Do you all want to ask anything else before we dive into this? Is there any other final things? Because once we do this, we'll probably conclude
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we'll do one or 2 sets
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you all need a break before we start this? Do you need like a 5 min bio break, or something like that. Are you ready to go? You just power through and end early. I saw a thumb went up. Bio break. Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right. Take 5.
Lilliana Robinson: 1111 sharp. We'll start.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Start at 11 Psc. Sharp.
Lilliana Robinson: You're gonna want to be extremely focused for the next 30 min to hear this interview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are you? Gonna dj, Lillian? Even Djing.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I can. I mean, it's just my local.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, it's better. It's better than all my random stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: I play this all day in my house.
Lilliana Robinson: see.
Uğur Koç: Play it. Take 5 sisters, taking 5.
Chloe Lannert: And, Nick, do you see my chat message
Chloe Lannert: about your question earlier.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, sorry I didn't. I just saw it give me a sec.
Chloe Lannert: All good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's do this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So I gave you all an assignment at the top of this call.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who's been spending money?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any takers.
Uğur Koç: I mean, I've bought stuff, but I don't remember struggling at anything.
Uğur Koç: They were really quick, so they might not contain much information.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I want struggling purchases. I want purchases that took some effort. Yeah, George, what's 1 for you?
George Reed - Noetic: That pretty good? Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, what's 1? 0, oh.
George Reed - Noetic: it's right here. Oh, you can't see it. It's a
George Reed - Noetic: you backpack. It was expensive. But there was a lot of consideration that went into it. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How much
Neal Sáles-Griffin: money.
George Reed - Noetic: It was
George Reed - Noetic: 280 pounds 300 pounds.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
George Reed - Noetic: That's a lot.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, okay. And then you struggled. How? How did you struggle to buy it?
George Reed - Noetic: I went back and forth with other products for quite a while. And trying to choose between the different sizes of the same product, buy it refurbed, or
George Reed - Noetic: a new one. All that kind of stuff
George Reed - Noetic: trying to watch really reviews and zoom in and see all the little features.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, that kind of thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good. Alright. So I got a backpack.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What else we got? Y'all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What are some other purchases.
Florence Ettlin: Maybe what insurance health insurance to get for coming to the Us. For 3 months, and kind of deliberating and
Florence Ettlin: learning about all the different conditions. That was quite the struggle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. And then where did you end up? Where did you choose?
Florence Ettlin: So ended up using like an insurance marketplace that was recommended by someone. But then the the Criterias were, which one on that to use. So we ended up using the one that matched what most people said would be would be helpful for us during that period.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, that was
Florence Ettlin: quite a lot of time in like looking into the different contracts and conditions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And then what? What was the ultimate cost of it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's the rate.
Florence Ettlin: Is $300.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 300. Okay? And is that like a recurring, it's some cadence. Is that monthly or something else?
Florence Ettlin: That's a 1 off fee for the 3 months. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it, got it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What else we got?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had a backpack. I got insurance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No one's spending any money.
Morgan Stanton: Can it be for work, or does it have to be a personal purchase.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean it could be either personal is usually juicier at this phase, but it doesn't matter.
Morgan Stanton: I had a struggle. I had to buy a kind of like a a document for our our cell culture work last month. That was hard.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. How much was the document?
Morgan Stanton: Was 5,000.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right, okay, and that. And that's on the business end. But that's that's still real like.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You could take that personally.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. Okay, it hurt a little.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you did.
Morgan Stanton: Yes, yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's a good one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What else? What else?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Backpackage, shirt.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And a document.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We just found a place to stay in San Francisco to attend this program. And it was a really
Çoruh | CogniScope: part process, because we do not know anywhere else, anywhere to like, live, where to live, where, how to go to the
Çoruh | CogniScope: office, what to do in San Francisco, and how to like perfectly locate ourselves with, without like exceeding our budget.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And where did you land? How much is is the place that you signed up for.
Çoruh | CogniScope: it's around 5 grand.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and it's around. It's at Mission district.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it, so it's it, and it's how many of you all saying there.
Çoruh | CogniScope: 4.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So 4 people, 5 grand, that's that's actually not crazy. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, well, yeah, we'll see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's fair.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So we got a couple of 5 granders. I like that big money, big money.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anyone else.
Lilliana Robinson: Nobody purchased anything on Prime Day. That was like over a hundred bucks. I bet you some of you did.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I didn't even know it was prime Day. That's a.
Lilliana Robinson: In July.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, okay.
Filiz Yönyüksel: Not on prime day or anything, but like I bought hiking shoes, boots.
Filiz Yönyüksel: Yeah, I wanted something that will be like rain, repellent water repellent, and I bought it. It was like $60 or something.
Filiz Yönyüksel: but
Filiz Yönyüksel: it took a long time for me to decide. I can't, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, $60 hiking, hiking boots can get expensive. I bought my 1st pair for the 1st time ever in my life earlier this year, and I was like, Oh, no like this. You could. You could spend a lot of money on some hiking shoes. I was like jeez they're gonna get dirty right away. What's going on.
Annie Brown: I bought. I bought my mom a set of dog training classes. She got a new dog. It was for her. It was her birthday present, and the dog training classes total was $1,200.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, okay, so tell me more. And this is interesting. Did you struggle to buy this for your mom?
Annie Brown: I did. Yes, it was very expensive, and
Annie Brown: I I got to a point where my mom was driving me crazy, complaining about the dog, so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, okay, she was driving you crazy. So this was more like you. I need to spend this money to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is, there's more than just your benefit. This is about my benefit, too.
Annie Brown: Yes.
Morgan Stanton: 1,200 for doctor. That's crazy. How many classes is it? I'm curious now.
Annie Brown: It's total. 8 classes.
Annie Brown: But yeah, very fancy dog trainer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know guys. I I think we have a winner.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the.
Annie Brown: Is he dog?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Trader might be the one. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. The story behind it.
Annie Brown: Oh, you'll get so much insight into my family life.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is.
Annie Brown: Be exciting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's what I'm here for. This is.
Lilliana Robinson: Do it.
Uğur Koç: This is probably Cesar, Milan, or something.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: William, were you gonna say.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I was. I was gonna volunteer, Dominique, but because I haven't been purchasing recently. But she recently moved away after about 10 years from using an iphone, and she's bought a Samsung flip.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: That was that was like at least a 1 year purchase decision.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: because she's she uses every other Mac product. So she.
Lilliana Robinson: So.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Away from the ecosystem. But I'm sorry she's she can't join tonight. But yeah, that was. There was a lot of struggle, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, William, you you have some homework now.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, you have to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do the interview.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Have to come back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: To us. We need to know like, how does that go.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Title.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Loving. These other examples.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright Annie, i i i think we're gonna have to go with it. Liliana, are you gonna join me in this or.
Annie Brown: Ready for an in-depth. Look at me and my mother's relationship. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's go. Okay. So everyone's in on this. By the way. So Liliana and I will drive it. But we have this thing called game off. So if I say game off, that means that we'll pause. The interview itself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Come to the room and like, talk about what we're hearing. You all are going to help us identify the questions we need to ask. So I'm I'm never perfect at this. So it's always a learning process for me, too. So remember, it's not about the script
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're looking for functional, social, and emotional forces at play.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and for the interview itself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Try to think about what you would ask instead of one of us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right as we go, listen, really, really, closely.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Try to identify the forces of progress as they come up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Try to map the timeline as we go as well like. Treat yourself like you're our co-pilot in this conversation with Danny.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And if there's any questions that we don't ask, that you think are important. Write them down so that you'll have a chance to ask them at the end. If we have time
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right. So here's a quick reference
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just for you to kind of have that in. Maybe I can take a screenshot of this and drop it in the chat.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I don't think we need it up. Live right now, but I'll just go ahead and do that real quick.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright! It should be in the chat now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right. So Annie.
Annie Brown: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you for joining us. Do we have permission to record this conversation.
Annie Brown: You sure do.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, thank you. Well, we're gonna ask you some questions, and you know, forgive us if I ever interject. I I'm not trying to be rude. I'm trying to respect our time. And you know, sometimes we'll end up asking very specific questions, and they might come off as strange. But just know that we're trying our best to the color the scene, and just get to know you better and understand these classes that you purchased for your mother recently
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool? Alright, so. If you don't mind starting when did you make this purchase?
Annie Brown: I made this purchase in June of this year.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: June of this year. Okay? And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that was, you know, a few months ago. It was it a particular time like what was going on in June.
Annie Brown: Well, so it was.
Annie Brown: My mother's birthday coming up. Her birthday is June 4, th
Annie Brown: and I was trying to think of a gift. I hadn't really come up with anything like too significant. It was her 70th birthday, so I wanted to give her something very nice and meaningful
Annie Brown: And then it was also around that time that her and I were planning to take a summer trip to Montana. So we were driving together to Montana.
Annie Brown: And
Annie Brown: yeah, and we were just doing a lot of planning ahead of time. So I was also communicating with her a lot during that time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And so you were planning the trip. Is that what you mean?
Annie Brown: Yeah, planning. You know, I was gonna drive down to San Diego. And then we were with all of our pets gonna be driving up to Montana.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, all of our pets. So so can you help me understand? Who are these pets?
Annie Brown: Yes, so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: In the roster here.
Annie Brown: The roster is my cat Ozzy, who you all have met and then she has a very large cat splotch and then she has a 9 month old puppy 9 months old at the time. That she had recently gotten she actually got the dog for the cat the cat needed a friend, and was a very big kind of rough house type of cat.
Annie Brown: and so she thought a dog would get along and they are. They're like the best of friends. But it was definitely a new adventure traveling with a dog.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And had, had you ever done this before? Or is this the 1st time you all are traveling together with your pets.
Annie Brown: 1st time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1st time. Okay, and and the purchase that you made for her. So her birthday was June 4.th Did you make it before June 4, th or after.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So I made it. I actually, yeah. So I guess I made the
Annie Brown: purchase in May. Like, end of May.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. And and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how long had you been thinking about these classes?
Annie Brown: Probably so. I've been thinking about getting her classes, but I was on the fence because they were so ex like I knew that classes were expensive. I hadn't done like a ton of research on them. But I'd been probably mulling over getting her classes
Annie Brown: for like 4, 4 to 5 months. At that time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So she bought the puppy 9 months.
Annie Brown: Who.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you're saying 4 to 5 months
Neal Sáles-Griffin: into that is, when you thought about it. Did something happen that triggered your curiosity about classes.
Annie Brown: Yes,
Annie Brown: My mom was
Annie Brown: So my mom is an anxious person, I would say, she's also she has a bit of Ocd. And so
Annie Brown: she's she hasn't had a dog since she was a kid. She's always had a cat.
Annie Brown: and I don't think she fully understood the amount of work
Annie Brown: that went into having a puppy.
Annie Brown: and so
Annie Brown: pretty much every call I had with her
Annie Brown: was some sort of
Annie Brown: like breakdown about the dog like, and it got to the point of like
Annie Brown: this. Buying this dog was a huge mistake. I shouldn't have gotten the dog. You know. There's nothing I can do. This is ruined. My life like just you know, she tends to
Annie Brown: but
Annie Brown: like catastrophize, I guess, and it made me sad. Whenever I had those talks with her. Because I love the dog, it's like the sweetest dog on the planet. She's so cute. I'll send you guys all pictures of her, and
Annie Brown: you know, and I knew
Annie Brown: that she was catastrophizing. But yeah, so it got.
Annie Brown: It got really bad pretty much. Every every call was something about the dog, it was so awful, and she just
Annie Brown: seem very sad about it.
Annie Brown: And and then towards May it started to get worse. I would say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What made things worse in May.
Annie Brown: Well, the puppy hit this,
Annie Brown: I guess, like every puppy goes through a little bit of like a teenage phase. I do research when I'm not doing startup stuff. I'm doing like pet research. So I was doing some research. And I guess, like the puppy had hit this teenage phase where
Annie Brown: even the training up until then. So my mom had purchased
Annie Brown: petco training. She had gone to other dog training schools and
Annie Brown: made a little bit of progress, but things like you know, whining whenever my mom just even went downstairs, accidents in the house
Annie Brown: going like barking at other dogs on their walk just started to get worse.
Annie Brown: And so my mom started to get a little hopeless. I guess that it was just going to keep
Annie Brown: keep getting worse.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. Okay? Well, I'm I'm sorry to hear that. And, by the way, what's the name of of the dog?
Annie Brown: The dog's name is Cindy Lu, who Cindy.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Lu, who.
Annie Brown: Yeah, like, after the Grinch character.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right.
Annie Brown: Around Christmas. And so that was actually the name. She was a
Annie Brown: It's this really cute adoption place called Mission Bay Rescue and they rescued her, and that and her name was Cindy Lou, and my mom loves Dr. Seuss. So my mom just made Cindy Lou who and she's got grinch pajamas the whole thing so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Was there. Had you noticed anything up till then? That was positive about your mom having Cindy Lou, who.
Annie Brown: Yeah. Well, I just like, you know, my mom loves to hike, but she sometimes is nervous to hike by herself. In Montana there are bears and so like having a dog, she felt more comfortable, like with the idea of going on long hikes by herself with the dog her and the dog are so cute together like, you know, they almost look alike.
Annie Brown: The dog loves her unconditionally, and she loved the way that the the cat and the dog got along so well. So there was a lot of positive it was. The problem was, is that my mom
Annie Brown: like was
Annie Brown: like not
Annie Brown: seeing the positive because she was like hyper focusing on the the negative.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it, and and you mentioned that every conversation you had with your mom was essentially about the challenges with the dog.
Annie Brown: Yeah,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So were there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when when things kind of came to a head in May had you had, had you ever purchased classes like this before for any of your pets.
Annie Brown: Nope, never in my life.
Annie Brown: we're we're definitely a cat family. So like, you know, cats don't require a lot of training. You just kind of get what you get with cats.
Annie Brown: So this was dog stuff was definitely new to me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. And were there other people that you were able to talk to, to get advice about what to do?
Annie Brown: Yeah, so, my little what? So my little sister has a dog? And she
Annie Brown: she wasn't the most helpful, I guess, because she, just, I think.
Annie Brown: was of the mindset, like.
Annie Brown: you know.
Annie Brown: accidents happen dogs misbehave.
Annie Brown: you know, investing in classes, maybe isn't the best
Annie Brown: the best thing to do
Annie Brown: but I think what really
Annie Brown: kind of push me? Well, there was a few things that kind of pushed me make the decision. But I think one thing was just knowing my mom so well that, like if she was going to have her a dog in her life, it needed to be a very well behaved dog.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is something that you learned, or something that your mom said to you.
Annie Brown: It's something I interpreted, I think, from her like, just, you know, knowing my mother.
Annie Brown: she just needed a well well behaved dog, and and that's why I
Annie Brown: one of the reasons why I chose the one that I chose and why it was so expensive is because they actually train
Annie Brown: They they specialize in training like service dogs and and dogs for disability use. So, like, you know, the dogs are very well like they are like they have to be well behaved. And so that was one of the one of the reasons why I chose the one I chose. And then another reason was
Annie Brown: the
Annie Brown: it
Annie Brown: my mom had complained in the past
Annie Brown: about the
Annie Brown: trainers that she had signed up for were all treat, focused or like reward focused. And she just didn't feel like that was
Annie Brown: super great. So this one didn't focus on treats. But it also didn't focus on
Annie Brown: punishment. It was. It was kind of it seemed unique to me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did you help your mom sign up for the previous
Neal Sáles-Griffin: trainers?
Annie Brown: Sort of yeah. So I I helped her sign up for the ones at the San Diego Humane Society.
Annie Brown: And she had paid for those
Annie Brown: And
Annie Brown: she
Annie Brown: and the lady was nice like it was fine, but there wasn't I. I was there when the training was going on, and it seemed like there weren't a lot of immediate results. I guess.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Liliana. Sorry? I know you had a question.
Lilliana Robinson: You said, your mom is is the kind of person that would need a a well trained dog. But your sister isn't. I'm I'm just curious, like, what? What are the main differences you see between the 2 of them that makes you say that? Is it like their personalities, or what about them?
Annie Brown: Yes, that's a great question. Good makes me think about my family dynamic. So I think, my mom is
Annie Brown: very organized, like if you walk into her house like
Annie Brown: everything I can show you guys she lists her house on Airbnb so you can see it. It's like everything's in a very pristine spot. Everything is a certain way like when I go to visit. Like, if I'm watching TV, I have to fold the blanket up, put it in, put it in its thing like I can't leave blankets and pillows out, you know. It's like
Annie Brown: she in order to and I and like
Annie Brown: you know, and I get it because we talked about it. And it's just like in order for her to feel
Annie Brown: relaxed in her space. And also she's retired. You know she it's her 1st time owning her her own house and being in her own house without kids or a husband. And so she feels like.
Annie Brown: okay, this is my time to live exactly how I want to live. And so, yeah, so she's has a very pristine space. So I think it's actually like a lot of it. Now that I think about it has a lot to do with like her space, her home
Annie Brown: And then my little sister
Annie Brown: like I would equate her living style to like a hobbit like, you know, she kind of lives. She lives in Washington State. She kind of lives in like this like
Annie Brown: little hut plan.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Shire.
Annie Brown: Yeah, like, exactly. She's got a very shire vibe. There's like plants everywhere. There's like stuff everywhere. It's it's beautiful, but it's very chaotic.
Annie Brown: And like, it's a bit messy. So yeah, just kind of opposite ends of the spectrum, as far as like minimalist versus, like Maximalist
Annie Brown: types of living, and like one being okay with like
Annie Brown: chaos in their space. And another one not
Annie Brown: not so much. And I think also,
Annie Brown: yeah, just like.
Annie Brown: well, the sister is probably just. Yeah, more tolerant of mess, more tolerant of like accidents, destroying furniture, stuff like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it so. Oh, go ahead, Lily, I'm sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: Your sister, have children.
Annie Brown: Nope, no kids.
Lilliana Robinson: And is she a 1st time dog owner with the with the dog? She has right now.
Annie Brown: Yeah,
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Annie Brown: Yeah, she's
Annie Brown: How old am I? She's 31.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when you started looking up additional classes in May.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Where did you start? Did you get any referrals? Or did you start with the search online?
Annie Brown: I started to search online.
Annie Brown: I
Annie Brown: I think I went. I think the thing I typed in was like best
Annie Brown: dog trainers
Annie Brown: in San Diego.
Annie Brown: So just kind of seeing like, okay, what?
Annie Brown: What are like? The fancy dog trainers was kind of my thought. Like, you know, we've gone with. Like the Petco we've gone with the Humane Society. We've gone with the more affordable options. Those don't seem to be working so like
Annie Brown: what like what are the dog trainers that the the
Annie Brown: fancy people with these like fancy show dogs, and you know, and disability like, what are they using to train their dogs was sort of the search hole. I went down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And just to be clear what wasn't working up until then, because you'd had these multiple training sessions that had happened. It sounds like you had alluded to certain behaviors that were persisting. But I just want to make sure. I understand.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So I think
Annie Brown: like.
Annie Brown: I think one thing was not like she was barking at other dogs a lot like when she went to puppy school. She was fine. She's friendly. She's the like
Annie Brown: the bell of the ball at puppy school. But then she would go. My mom used to go on really long parks down at
Annie Brown: Mission Bay. Which is this really beautiful area? It's 1 of the reasons why she bought her house, but I had learned that she had actually stopped doing those walks because there are a lot of other dogs down there, and Cindy Lou would just like bark at
Annie Brown: all the dogs, and so she just sort of gave up walking down there. And I I started to tell. I I could tell that that was affecting her mental health, because, like those walks down by the bay, would always make her feel better.
Annie Brown: So that was one thing. She was also whining a lot every time my mom even just left the kitchen. So my mom was starting to have to like stay in the kitchen all the time, just to avoid her from
Annie Brown: avoid Cindy Lou from being anxious, and then she'd also have like
Annie Brown: accidents in the house, not all the time, but, like.
Annie Brown: you know, more often than was okay with my mom. Which means, like, even one accident, you know, is not okay with my mom. So
Annie Brown: So yeah, that was
Annie Brown: those were the 3, I think. Key
Annie Brown: behaviors.
Annie Brown: that that were kind of bothering my mom the most.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right. And then was there a particular phone call or conversation where you're either on the call with her or you get off the call. And you're like, all right
Neal Sáles-Griffin: time to get serious. I'm Googling for fancy dog trainers.
Annie Brown: Yeah, so
Annie Brown: so well, there were 2. 1 was
Annie Brown: One was
Annie Brown: She told me that she had stopped going down to the Bay for walks. I think that really had an impact on me.
Annie Brown: because that's the whole reason why she lives in San Diego is to get out and get that that beautiful scenery and then, and so that I think made me start looking. But I think I really got serious when she was talking about.
Annie Brown: I made a mistake.
Annie Brown: I like this is a bad idea to get a dog. I don't know what to do, and a part of me like
Annie Brown: thought that she may might like give the dog
Annie Brown: back, and that just completely broke my heart. I was like, we can't do that like Cindy Lou loves us. I love Cindy Lou. My mom loves Cindy Lou like that's just gonna like
Annie Brown: that's going to be traumatizing for everybody involved. So that's when I like became very serious about looking.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it, and and in this search that you conducted, were you? It sounds like you spoke to your sister about it, and she was was she against it? You said.
Annie Brown: Yeah, kind of. I think my little sister was kind of like.
Annie Brown: you know. Don't get involved.
Annie Brown: If she gives away the dog she gives away the dog, and.
Annie Brown: you know.
Annie Brown: like don't spend a ton of money on on dog trainers and stuff.
Annie Brown: So she wasn't very encouraging of the of the purchase.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Was there anyone who was encouraging or supportive.
Annie Brown: No, I think I I kind of, went on a gut.
Annie Brown: a gut instinct that like this is something I had to do, and at least try, because I think I would have.
Annie Brown: I would have been mad at myself if I didn't
Annie Brown: try to help help the situation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we let Google take the wheel.
Annie Brown: Yes, I did. Well, I let Google take the wheel.
Annie Brown: What I'm trying to think I
Annie Brown: I think I
Annie Brown: so I I do
Annie Brown: like
Annie Brown: natural stuff. I do holistic medicine. I'm I'm Vegan. And so there was one that popped up that was
Annie Brown: John's natural dog trainer. And so just the word natural got me, I think, and so I I saw it, and I went to the site. But actually, before I even like started browsing the site, I went on, yelp so yelp was a part of my decision making process to read reviews. Because
Annie Brown: I think,
Annie Brown: when I'm making a decision on purpose like I'll read the reviews on the site, but I don't necessarily trust them, so yelp is like a place where I feel like I can trust the reviews more so. That's that's the one that caught my eye. I compared it to
Annie Brown: a couple of others. I even looked at one in Montana since we were going to Montana, but
Annie Brown: that one was a little scary to me, because it was for big dogs. It was like for cattle dogs, and they used the the shop collars, which was very, not cool with me. So
Annie Brown: that's yeah. So it also comparing to some of the other ones that I saw the more expensive fancier ones. I saw
Annie Brown: this one stood out because they were very against using
Annie Brown: like punish, like shock callers, or any sort of like harsh punishment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. Okay? So you you landed on the right one from the Yelp reviews, and you you were aware of the price tag for the classes.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and ultimately like, when you searched and you found it. Did you make the purchase in that same moment, or did.
Annie Brown: To take.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Time to consider it.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So it took me time to consider it. I actually had 2 phone calls with them before I made the purchase. So 1st phone call. I talked, I talked to the woman
Annie Brown: asking about the different packages. I asked if, like, it could be customized like how customized the packages could get. I also asked about their their methods.
Annie Brown: I talked to them a little bit about my mom, and then the second time
Annie Brown: I called them. I just had more questions about their methodologies.
Annie Brown: and also gave them a little bit of background on our story. How I got to this point. Just to make sure that they would be also patient with my mom, too. As, and and work with her to train the dog. So it's like I was also trying to see like, can you do a little like dog therapy with my mom to help my mom understand? Like the process of raising a dog, and the woman I spoke to was like really nice.
Annie Brown: very open, very understanding. I liked that they were that they would customize it. So they would actually come to my mom's house. Because that was another thing my mom was stressing about was like going to all these classes and trainings was taking up a big part of her day. So like I liked the fact that they came, they would come to the house to to do the training
Annie Brown: and they did have a free evaluation session. So basically, like I they did. So I gave my mom like in an envelope a printout of the website. Their philosophy said, You know I'm getting this for you. They do a free
Annie Brown: consultation class, and then, you know.
Annie Brown: they want to make sure they can work with the dog before they sign anything. So I didn't actually like make the purchase until after that 1st consultation class. But I was, you know, I gave her the President was like, I'm going to make this purchase. If this looks like it's gonna work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great, and you ended up moving forward with it. And how did it go.
Annie Brown: It's gone, really. Well, everything has changed. My mom is so much happier. She sends me photos of the dog all the time, because that was one of the things that the the dog trainer said that this class really does. It is it helps
Annie Brown: Bond, the owner, to the dog as well, because, like, that's really important for dogs to have
Annie Brown: an owner that they understand like and basically building a language between the 2. So they understand each other, and they've done that.
Annie Brown: My mom actually called me the other day and said, You know, I'm just so grateful for this gift. It was such a thoughtful gift. And
Annie Brown: she's like, really, she's going back to Montana. Back to our cabin, and she's driving up with the dogs, and she's like excited now. And she's like showing off the dog, and how well behaved the dog is to like her friends. And her friends are all impressed. So yeah, it's it was probably one of the best
Annie Brown: purchases I've made in a while.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Wow! All right. Well, there's so much more I want to know, Annie, but I'm going to call it there for the sake of time that was fantastic. And what a great way to end the story.
Annie Brown: Oh, good! Well, I hope I hope my answers were were helpful in the example was helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know. What do you all think? Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I would.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And some things.
Lilliana Robinson: I was. Gonna say, we were so enthralled we never went game off on that one which we normally do love to just open it right now, for, like 2 or 3 people, were there any questions you guys had in your mind like, Oh, we should ask this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Share them, now.
Florence Ettlin: I would love to know what your sister thinks about it now.
Annie Brown: Well, my sister!
Annie Brown: I've
Annie Brown: I don't know.
Annie Brown: I don't know if I've ever heard my sister say. Oh, you were right. So
Annie Brown: so I think I think she's happy, because when my mom is more calm we're both more calm. So I think she's she's happy that that my mom's not calling her complaining about the dog anymore. But I think you know
Annie Brown: my my sister, I think, still sort of thinks. Oh, well, you know, we could have
Annie Brown: figured this out without paying $1,200. But in my book
Annie Brown: I'm fine to part with that $1,200 for the for the peace of mind. It has brought our family so.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Maybe one more question from the group.
Uğur Koç: I mean going forward. Are you anxious about like any potential relapses, or you know, what do you have on the back of your head. Now that you know the whole process is completed, then you know. Now you have a different
Uğur Koç: circumstance, but you know what comes up to your mind in terms of like the consistency of the process.
Annie Brown: Yeah. So one of the things I asked when I was researching was like.
Annie Brown: How do you guys do is follow up and
Annie Brown: they offer
Annie Brown: so they they part of the package comes with unlimited access to their dog training like open sessions. So my mom could go to those sessions. Talk to trainers. But then also you can buy one off classes. She actually hasn't finished the package yet, so she's only done 4 sessions. She's going to Montana
Annie Brown: trying everything out, and then she's gonna do the last sessions when when she gets back, so like you can kind of spread it out. So
Annie Brown: in my mind, I feel like I've connected my mother with a problem solver for her basically long term problem solver. So if things do come up in the future. She can reach out to them by another one off class and just feel like she's got got someone in her corner that can help her
Annie Brown: absolutely.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so let's talk about the forces do you want?
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have this slide? That shows the forces a little bit more in depth than the one you put in the chat now.
Lilliana Robinson: like the but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, yes, I do. I'm gonna pull it up.
Lilliana Robinson: So remember, during the call, we wouldn't be on video. This would be recorded just like it is right now. I would be taking notes and trying to fill out the timeline. So then we'd go into this debrief. So the 1st thing in the debrief would be like.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, did we fill out the timeline, and for the sake of time, right now I'm going to skip that. But just know, you guys should probably think in your own minds what you would put for each of these?
Lilliana Robinson: And then we get into the debrief and we say, Okay, one. Are there any questions we wish we would have asked that we need to like Clarify. It's okay to have to call the person back in the next few days. If you realize that you forgot to ask something. Or you guys kind of can't remember, or there's a discrepancy between like. If Neil and I were having an intellectual disagreement like, no, this is why she did it. It's okay to just call up the source of truth and say, Hey, we have one more question for you. You know. What does your sister think now? Something like that?
Lilliana Robinson: So you go through and you start
Lilliana Robinson: plotting the forces. So we're going to do that together. I'll probably take like 2 people for each 1, 2, or 3 and I'll remind you what each one is. So we'll start with the ones that are pushing Annie toward the new behavior.
Lilliana Robinson: So push and pull are bringing you toward the new behavior. So let's start with push.
Lilliana Robinson: Push is like a pain that you should think of it.
Lilliana Robinson: Similarly, the pain doesn't have to be physical, but it should be something that makes you uncomfortable that pushes you toward the new solution. So yep, Talitha, you have a push.
Talitha Abraham: Yeah, it would be that she was receiving a lot of calls with her mom complaining about the dog. And the mom was hyper, focusing on the negatives, and like another one could be that the mom's mental health was being affected, which, of course, as a byproduct, was also affecting Annie as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yep, and I think that mental health was at like one of the final straws. Right? So I I would even say like that, put Annie into active looking or maybe even deciding. That was like a really big one, says there.
Sezer: I think one of the push was the 2 cheaper classes didn't really work well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Sezer: Into a more expensive but higher quality class.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly just like in the mattress interview, right like past, like Prior. Poor experiences will kind of like make you go into a higher price bracket if it if it didn't work out before, completely agree. Felice.
Filiz Yönyüksel: There was also the specific event that her mother didn't go. You go to the bay anymore, like it was an activity that she liked, but it wasn't occurring anymore.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and that. And like the push was kind of like the worry that Annie felt on behalf of like her mom changing her lifestyle, so like
Lilliana Robinson: seeing visible lifestyle changes for a loved one could be the push, flow.
Florence Ettlin: The fear of actually losing the dog like her mother returning, the dog.
Lilliana Robinson: That's huge.
Lilliana Robinson: and he said that she feared that would be traumatic for all of them, like all of the family members. That's a huge push. I don't want that to happen. I need to do something about it. That's so true. So things are kind of different, like every single interview. There will be like more heavily concentrated forces in one of the 4. So I would say this one was like a very heavy push interview, but
Lilliana Robinson: I would challenge you guys, can anyone think of some polls? So pull should be synonymous in your brain with like an allure? It should be something that allures you toward the new solution. You're not necessarily feeling pain. You're getting persuaded.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, sure.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Maybe because she was actually actively looking the natural treatments and the
Çoruh | CogniScope: not taking it a painful and like punishment. Way of thing education actually lured her in.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, absolutely. No, I didn't mean to meet you accidentally. That's okay. Absolutely. So I was, gonna tell you guys, you can kind of see, it would be so far fetched to just think of this off the top of your head. But through jobs to be done Veganism might be a way that needs to target customers. This natural dog trainer he would have had no idea. But maybe he needs to put
Lilliana Robinson: flyers in Vegan restaurants like the connection would never be clear. But this jobs to be done if if more patterns emerged. Of that, I was so interested in the fact that that identity of Annie's made her interested in this training, session or.
Uğur Koç: Yeah. The fact that she was connecting her mother with someone that could address any potential issues that might come in addition to the
Uğur Koç: you should have
Uğur Koç: 10 today. So she's reserving peace of mind for the future as well as today by that 12,000 that she's spending.
Lilliana Robinson: That's true. The allure of peace of mind is definitely huge. Here
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: I don't know if this counts as a push or pull like it's just birthday like. Is that a pool like I? If I need to get a present kind of thing like this would be a good one, a high end present.
Lilliana Robinson: It's true, like matter of circumstance, I think it depends. If you have a parent that like gets upset when you don't buy them gifts. It might be a push like you're afraid, but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Gotta get a birthday gift. Otherwise it's gonna be a problem. You know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I would say for Annie. It sounded like from love. I don't know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It felt like a poll. But that was just. That's this is the debate we would have. We would as as team members ago. What did you hear? I thought, that's a pull, right? I put that in the poll category. She was excited to get her mom something really nice for a 70th birthday. That sounds really sweet. Someone else goes. Nope, Nope, she's afraid like.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Annie Brown: Thanks for both.
Lilliana Robinson: Talika.
Talitha Abraham: Maybe it's that they were offering these free evaluation sessions and also like the long term problem solving. That was something that she was concerned about before is is her mom and the dog trainer and the dog gonna get along? Well, is this program gonna work? Well, so having that free evaluation. Session mitigates that fear.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I agree with that similar to the Manchester interview. Right?
Lilliana Robinson: Like being able to have that. William.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I think just to add as well. That. And he also liked that it could be customized, and that they were willing to travel to the home. So there was. It kind of broke down friction as well
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: made it more convenient, and hassle free for a mom.
Lilliana Robinson: Absolutely so convenience that really mattered to her.
Lilliana Robinson: Felice.
Filiz Yönyüksel: She also mentioned the like customization aspect, and I'm not sure if this is maybe the goal of this new solution. But it kind of gives a sense of control, I think, for a big amount of money like being able to customize your purchase is really making you feel like more comfortable with it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I would definitely say it was a poll. It was something that Annie found very alluring about the new solution. Chura last poll.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yelp reviews.
Çoruh | CogniScope: There were many other people's experience that
Çoruh | CogniScope: Made the new solution stand out even more.
Lilliana Robinson: Say that last part again I kind of cut out.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Can you hear me now?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: The yelp, reviews.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, the yelp, yeah, absolutely. That was a huge part of her determining this. So seeing those positive yelp reviews was a big deal.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So let's quickly move to the things that moved any away from the new behavior. So, keeping Annie at business as usual, you see, the pink arrows are going toward the left side, so they're traditionally a little bit harder to recognize. But let's do habit. So habit is something you're sticking with status quo. You're used to what you're used to, what is maybe a habit that was keeping Annie at status quo. Yeah? Or.
Uğur Koç: I mean the opinion of her sister, although you know I would be inclined to oppose a sister who's never admitting that I'm right.
Uğur Koç: you know, to
Uğur Koç: saying that you know you shouldn't touch it like leave them be. It's fine, like the dog, is there? But it's ultimately her choice is a big habit of the present, I think, because, you know, it's it's an external like. It's not in your locus of control, right? So you are doing something for someone, but it's affecting more than that person alone. So I think the habit is to not touch it, and then, you know, get out of any responsibility or repercussions that might.
Lilliana Robinson: I completely agree, the sister was saying. Stay with the status quo. It's not that big a deal like, just let it happen. Let's jump to anxiety just for the sake of time. There are probably some other habits we could pull out, but anxiety anxieties are fierce.
Lilliana Robinson: so any sort of fears that we're keeping Annie at bay. I remember a couple. Can you guys identify some of them that would keep her away from a new solution?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, flow.
Florence Ettlin: Yes. So she evaluated a couple of options where the dogs were punished in the sense of the shock collar, or where they used too much of the treat methodology that didn't really work in the past. So I guess the fear of those type of things coming back and the dog being harmed.
Florence Ettlin: Is one of them. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: I completely agree with that, Dave.
Dave Scott: Yeah, the fear that her mother would not adopt it like she would spend all this money, and her mom wouldn't.
Lilliana Robinson: News.
Dave Scott: Take her up on it. And so she really liked the idea that they had a free evaluation session and sold that to her mom.
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, that would be a huge waste. So that's like a worry in the back of your mind to spend all this money. I completely agree. Any other final anxieties?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Caesar.
Sezer: And also in addition to that, if the class don't go well, then
Sezer: definitely, you would end up in a worse position than the status quo
Sezer: given that there were other classes in the past, and
Sezer: it will definitely feel desperate if the classes didn't work.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys did a great job. So I'm gonna stop it there. Obviously, that that was like a 5 to 7 min debrief. It would be a lot longer. You would do at least 15 to 20 min, and you'd be able to derive a lot of insights from talking with your partner about what just happened. But I hope this was a great example of just like a a sneak peek of what's to come from the things you guys can derive in your interviews.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, to put things in perspective. That was about 35 min end to end. Like when we started talking to Annie to having the debrief and wrapping it up. If you spend 30 to 45 min getting to know 10 to 15 of your potential customers or existing customers, and you get to that level of fidelity with understanding their situation and what's influencing their decision and what their needs are.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I think it's safe to say that you're going to feel a lot more confident in what you're deciding to do, to serve them, and to to find more people like them
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right, and make sure that they're happy and successful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So so I hope that this is just a good initial reference for you to understand the potential power and depth that you can get to early on in your startup journey. Now, with your businesses.
Lilliana Robinson: Great.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, before we break I want to go over your to do's with you before we leave.
Lilliana Robinson: so let me pull up. Somebody's to do list. I'll pull up cogniscope.
Lilliana Robinson: So we've added a couple more. I want to make sure nobody has any questions. So the things you guys have left. Remember the class roster perform and the welcome kit were due on Wednesday. You should reach out to me and Chloe if you didn't get in either of these.
Lilliana Robinson: You're going to want to make sure you read the program handbook. You're going to want to upload your completed Pre work packet. That's due on Wednesday. Once you complete it, you're going to book a goal setting call with Chloe, which is down here, and we have the link to do that. This is your learning objective. So by next Wednesday you're going to want to have determined what you want to learn.
Lilliana Robinson: What you're hoping to gain from this round of jobs to be done, and that will directly inform your screening criteria. So remember, I showed you this yesterday. You're going to want to figure out your screening criteria by next Friday, the earlier the better, so that you can start booking your 1st 10 Jtbd. Interviews like what we said here, so remember that you can't book them until Neil approves your screening criteria, and you might have to go back to the drawing board. So give yourself as much time as possible. Friday is just the absolute deadline
Lilliana Robinson: list. Any additional team members that are that might be part time that you'd like in your base camp project. So any sort of designers or devs that aren't part of this tech Stars project can be in here to work with you.
Lilliana Robinson: Like, I said, book a goal setting call with Chloe. When you're done with your pre work packet, you're going to want to read Bob Mesti's book, demand side sales by day. One. We linked it here for you.
Lilliana Robinson: It. It took me about 2 days, so it should be like a pretty quick. Read but make sure that you prioritize that because we will be discussing it
Lilliana Robinson: a lot in the coming weeks. And then the last thing this is new.
Lilliana Robinson: We've referenced financial modeling a lot. We're going to have a very important financial modeling session by Neil's mentor, Troy Hennikoff. He's like the king of financial modeling, but he is very strict. So there's this pre work that needs to be done before week. One
Lilliana Robinson: and he does not accept late submissions. And he also is someone that you want on his. On your side. He will be helping our program, probably more than other programs, because we're very close with him, and Troy will scrutinize you if you do not get this in on time. So the deadline is 5 Eastern on Sunday, September 8, th so like a week and a half.
Lilliana Robinson: Make sure you meet that. I just want to really emphasize the like hard deadline. Here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Little more Troy lore. He was the original managing director for Techstar, Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And he's 1 of the most successful investors in the history of tech stars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So he is substantial and wants to help, and has seen all the bad and all the good across hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of companies, so he's in our corner, but he is also a total hard ass. So just be ready.
Lilliana Robinson: And he'll respond to you, even if you get it in on time. He's gonna respond to a pretty scrutinous response. And that's normal. So just be ready to have a thick skin. Also, we, said CEO, because the CEO should be responsible for the financial model. Even if you have someone on your team that is good at financial modeling, and really likes it. You guys can do it together, but it is not recommended, and this is not how we do it here, where the CEO is not directly in charge, with hands on in the financial model. I know that's hard. I know a lot of our Ceos here don't want to do that.
Lilliana Robinson: but I challenge you. It needs to be you who submits this, and you need to have a hand in creating it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This. This is especially true
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you expect at any point in the future that you would like to fundraise
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the any investor isn't like as an investor. You're not going to bet on a founder or CEO who doesn't understand the financials of their business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Simple enough.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, I'm muted any questions here on any of the to do's before we break for Labor Day weekend.
Morgan Stanton: Quick question. The goal setting with Chloe. Does it have to be done before you submit the screening? Is that what you said, or they can be.
Lilliana Robinson: No, it's about the Pre work packet. So your Pre work packet your goal setting packet that we sent you last week. That's due on September 4.th
Lilliana Robinson: Once you finish that, you want to book a goal setting meeting with Chloe. You're going to go through your packet.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, but it has nothing to do with the the screening criteria for the jobs to be done.
Lilliana Robinson: Lots of things happening at once.
Lilliana Robinson: Good question, Morgan. Anything else.
George Reed - Noetic: So I'm just wondering. Sorry. What's the what would be the timeline for conducting the interviews themselves.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so.
George Reed - Noetic: Unexpected.
Lilliana Robinson: The sooner you can get your screening criteria in and improved, the more the faster you can start conducting them. Next week or on week one, you guys are gonna have a checkpoint presentation on Thursday of week one where you let us know how many you've done so far. It's okay. If you've only done like 2 some people will maybe have done all of theirs. That's just a checkpoint. So there's no like hard deadline there. It's just. We want you to have made some progress, and you can tell us what you've learned. And then the hard deadline for finishing your whole set is going to be after mentor madness
Lilliana Robinson: after tech week you're going to be completing the Why before the Y, which is what Neil showed you from base camp, which is like taking all of that and synthesizing it and showing us your insights, and you'll actually be presenting it in front of one of our
Lilliana Robinson: like best alumni, who did a great job with this when we're in person for week 6. So that's kind of when it's gonna end
Lilliana Robinson: But I would say, the sooner the better, because some of you are going to need to go back to the drawing board. Some will have to get more interviews. So a lot of people try to finish before mentor madness.
George Reed - Noetic: Cool thanks. I was just thinking like 10 days or something.
Lilliana Robinson: No, you have. You have several weeks, but definitely don't let this go on the back burner, because once you get into mentor madness, it's going to be hard to juggle everything else. So use the time right now. That's why we start so early.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and just to give you some more timeline guidance. When I've done jobs to be done sprints with Bob.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he's the best in the world. Okay, like, invented the thing. So like, just give you a reference point. He gets them done in a week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we schedule the calls.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They start on Monday. The calls wrap up by Wednesday or Thursday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we're finalizing things on Thursday and Friday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with our insights and the patterns, and everything. So the whole process can be done in about 5 days. But that's when you know exactly what you're doing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I would give it a couple weeks.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, I hope you guys have a wonderful and restful long weekend. We're done now, so take the rest of the day. Be off on Monday. We'll see you guys on Tuesday morning.
Lilliana Robinson: And any other questions that you have. Just send them to us. You can box us for anything urgent. We're pretty responsive there, but we won't really be on Base Camp for the next few days, and we'll see you on Tuesday for project management, which is super exciting.
Lilliana Robinson: It's so great to meet you guys this week. Thanks for all your participation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: See ya.
George Reed - Noetic: Thank you.